README.md, before:

# BenSalman

## Pages 📃

| Page              | Path                 |
| ----------------- | -------------------- |
| 404               | `*`                  |
| Welcome           | `/`                  |
| Sign In           | `/login`             |
| Menu              | `/menu`              |
| Cart              | `/cart`              |
| Chair Reservation | `/chair-reservation` |

## Features 🎮

- Modern and responsive layout
- Written in TypeScript with predictable static types.
- Use Redux with redux-toolkit Store
- Lint using Eslint
- Minimal need for any custom CSS using Sass.
- Using Tailwindcss as class base utils

## Get Start 🚀

These instructions will help you set up and run the project on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following software installed on your system:

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm (v6 or higher)

### Using Git (recommended)

```shell
# clone it with git version control:
git clone https://github.com/Mohammed-Taysser/bensalman.git

# change directory:
cd bensalman

# Install dependencies:
npm install
```

### Using manual download ZIP

1. Download repository from [Here](https://minhaskamal.github.io/DownGit/#/home?url=https://github.com/Mohammed-Taysser/bensalman)
2. Uncompressed to your desired directory

## Available Scripts 🤖

### Development

```shell
# To start the development server:
# The application will be available at
# http://localhost:5173/
npm run dev
```

### Linting

```shell
# To run ESLint for code linting:
npm run lint
```

### Deployment

```shell
# To deploy the project to GitHub Pages:
npm run deploy
```

## Built With 🧰

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons)
- [React Router Dom](https://reactrouter.com/en/main)

## Resources ☁️

- <https://themes.themegoods.com/grandrestaurantv6/home-6/>
- <https://preview.themeforest.net/item/pizza-restaurant-fast-food-cafe-restaurant-wordpress-theme/full_screen_preview/17997095>
- <https://preview.themeforest.net/item/restika-restaurant-html-template/full_screen_preview/48814938>
- <https://preview.themeforest.net/item/benoit-restaurants-cafes-wordpress-theme/full_screen_preview/31676266>

Commit message:

update chair page & add todo section

README.md, after:

# BenSalman

## Pages 📃

| Page              | Path                 |
| ----------------- | -------------------- |
| 404               | `*`                  |
| Welcome           | `/`                  |
| Sign In           | `/login`             |
| Menu              | `/menu`              |
| Cart              | `/cart`              |
| Chair Reservation | `/chair` |

## TODO

- [ ] Improve page title to be dynamic

## Features 🎮

- Modern and responsive layout
- Written in TypeScript with predictable static types.
- Use Redux with redux-toolkit Store
- Lint using Eslint
- Minimal need for any custom CSS using Sass.
- Using Tailwindcss as class base utils

## Get Start 🚀

These instructions will help you set up and run the project on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following software installed on your system:

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm (v6 or higher)

### Using Git (recommended)

```shell
# clone it with git version control:
git clone https://github.com/Mohammed-Taysser/bensalman.git

# change directory:
cd bensalman

# Install dependencies:
npm install
```

### Using manual download ZIP

1. Download repository from [Here](https://minhaskamal.github.io/DownGit/#/home?url=https://github.com/Mohammed-Taysser/bensalman)
2. Uncompressed to your desired directory

## Available Scripts 🤖

### Development

```shell
# To start the development server:
# The application will be available at
# http://localhost:5173/
npm run dev
```

### Linting

```shell
# To run ESLint for code linting:
npm run lint
```

### Deployment

```shell
# To deploy the project to GitHub Pages:
npm run deploy
```

## Built With 🧰

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons)
- [React Router Dom](https://reactrouter.com/en/main)

## Resources ☁️

- <https://themes.themegoods.com/grandrestaurantv6/home-6/>
- <https://preview.themeforest.net/item/pizza-restaurant-fast-food-cafe-restaurant-wordpress-theme/full_screen_preview/17997095>
- <https://preview.themeforest.net/item/restika-restaurant-html-template/full_screen_preview/48814938>
- <https://preview.themeforest.net/item/benoit-restaurants-cafes-wordpress-theme/full_screen_preview/31676266>
